hey it's me Destin
when my granddad was young he lost an
eye playing cowboys and Indians so now
I'm gonna show you why you should always
wear safety glasses or goggles when we
did an experiment this isn't very
popular because I've been hiding
something pretty weird inside my
refrigerator for about five months
but now you figured out that I have a
wife who tolerates me and I love her
very much
one thing that she's been tolerating for
the past five months is a set of Kauai
balls that I've been keeping in the
refrigerator I'm now probably the world
renowned expert on eyeball juggling
these cow eye balls are to make a
humorous video and by humorous I don't
mean funny the true humor is a liquid
that is inside of your eye and when you
were younger you looked up at the sky
and you had that nice monochromatic
background and a real small pupil
because it was bright and you saw these
things floating around in your eye those
are what I call floaties this is your
eyeball now you'll notice there's fluid
on the inside when you rotate your
eyeball the fluid tends to stay in the
same position due to its inertia so even
though the floaters on the inside in
this case fish he doesn't move because
the fluid isn't moving that's why when
you see a floater when you're looking at
the Sun it's so hard to track because it
moves at some erratic pattern based on
the fluid velocity not necessarily the
eyeball velocity we have goggles and
there's no stopping us now so I've got a
phantom v10 high-speed camera it's set
up using a technique called the long
flash technique so here's a flash and
I've aligned on a cow a ball using a
laser that is put in the muzzle of the
rifle we're using this piezo electric
transducer to trigger a quantum composer
pulse generator to trigger it at the
proper time to illuminate and give us
some really cool footage that looks
weird but I like it
bullet versus cow eye
all right here's the bullet you can see
a little smoke trail behind it it's
pretty nasty that's cool
it kind of blew up but the musculature
on outside held it together so what
happens here
it actually hasn't exited yet so the
bullet is inside the eyeball man total
destruction and so that's what happens
in less than a millisecond this time the
winds came out and you can see around
the edges of it where the ciliary body
connects I just pop the end off there
did you see me live yeah I forgot to
trigger the camera but I did make a cool
spiral galaxy out of vitreous humor
oh you gotta see this the lens popped
out that was Bear Grylls I eat this it
all stayed together oh look at all right
this thing is called the ciliary body
it's uh just behind the lens oh man
if this doesn't burn vitreous humor into
your mind I don't know what will take
away always wear eye protection people
will make fun of you but be smarter than
them so I hope you found my video
humorous yeah see what I did there if
you did please subscribe and also
consider this other channel they're
called the slow mo guys they're in the
UK they do cool stuff - they have
phantoms and they do really neat
experiments I just talked a little funny
anyways I hope you're getting smarter
every day and tell your friends we'll
see you next week
you